Our application is called DApper. DAp stands for a decentralized application but this is a gross oversimplification of what decentralization offers. When you send a message, post a video, send a picture etc... it is on a server in the "cloud." The "cloud" is a misconception, this data doesn't exist in some ethereal space free from the hands of malicious parties. Having data on the "cloud" just means that it is on someone else's computer. They have access to everything you have shared or sent in private and the only assurance you have that they aren't stealing or monitoring your data is that they claim not to be. A decentralized app removes the need for a central server or "cloud" all the data is supported by "nodes" or individual instances of the app running as mini servers. In essence this means you have a web of "nodes" all holding each other up and preventing one entity from taking control, monitoring data, or preventing people from using the service. In the modern age an open source and decentralized application is the only way to preserve privacy. Privacy is something that we are being separated from on a daily basis, it is being pried from our hands and most people don't even realize or are conditioned not to care. But privacy is a human right! The goal of our app is to protect this right and give people the independence that many don't know they have lost. We require funding to set up two mini servers or "supplemental nodes." The purpose of these nodes is to support the "web" should there be too few users to facilitate quick data transfers. These differ from a central "cloud" server in that they are used on an "as needed" basis and do not hold all information. They are insurances that the messenger is responsive and reliable no matter how many users are online. For this we will build two relatively powerful PC's which is why we are asking for funding. There is a GPU shortage, causing a spike in their price but luckily we only require CPU power and do not need to buy a GPU. We will use FreeBSD or OpenBSD as operating systems on these servers. BSD is a derivative of the original Unix operating system and provide the most secure OS for web servers. They are both open source, meaning their source code is public so it is transparent and safe (it is obvious there is no spyware whereas Microsoft / Apple can't say the same). BSD is most comparable to Linux, but is more optimized for servers.  
